a match-fixing scandal ondata too widely
considered the largest multiplayer
online battle arena game
taursus six filipino players to resign
their posts
Rodney oka Telus has more over the years
video game dota 2 evolved from a user
modified map on Warcraft 3 to a
multi-million dollar eSports adventure
players from all over the world compete
in the annual international of dota 2
championships this year the tournament
race its highest price for today a
whopping 10 million dollars
the competition has also branched out to
Betty the user places a bet prior to
imagine third-party betting sites like
daughter to lounge calm
the odds are dictated by the team's
previous performance a user can bets for
game items not worth more than $100 each
after winning a user can keep the items
sell it to the community market of
digital gaming store steam for credits
or sell to third-party trading groups
for real money but a recent incident
gives Filipinos a bad reputation in the
gaming community six professional
Filipino players accused of game fixing
were forced to resign on September 25 a
match between two Philippine teams
emicida evolution gaming and ministry
was allegedly rigged by its member
students on betting sites allegedly
involved are Michael Vincent Valley
hosts and Jonathan matadores Valley is
the founder of the my daughter to
community trading group well God August
is a frequent standing of ministry
screenshots of conversations between
Bali on Sandra Doris will lead online
screenshots detailed the planning of the
match fixing MSI allegedly asked for
Leon's forty thousand pesos
approximately eight hundred and ninety
two dollars to throw a match six players
are connected to Vallejo Sandra bogus
came forward and resigned her post after
admitting fixing of these three matches
mineski community manager tells Rattler
they are evaluating the evidence and
will release a statement on Monday
Rodney o fatalis protector